I know I look like a poser but when you see me leaning on a telephone pole staring into the middle distance on the street I'm actually being lazy and basic. Which I guess is p cool.
Telephone pole is leaning across Fales St in Worcester. Wires are tangled around a FedEx truck. Worcester Fire and National Grid are on scene. People are being asked to stand back
UPDATE to McKeesport fire: Duquesne Light crews will be here this morning to fix the leaning telephone pole... thankfully it didnï¿½t collapse & make the fire situation more complex.
PSA... a small section of road on High St. between Niles Cortland Rd and the High School is closed due to a leaning telephone pole. Ohio Edion has secured the pole and will be replacing in the next 24-48
my dad just thought a lady leaning against a telephone pole was a scarecrow wtf
I've had a nightmare almost every night for the past year, this one took the cake. I was walking home from my usual work route late at night from the office and I see a guy at the end of the road leaning against a telephone pole with a wide smile staring at me up and down so-
I was leaning against a telephone pole and the crow perched up top dropped a big hunk of crusty bread on my head. Fair cop, bro. You had this pole first. I tossed the crust to the crow when they flitted down. Would attach pic, but they made off with it before I could zoom in.
Coming home I saw a guy leaning against a telephone pole holding a baseball bat talking on the phone.. at midnight.. what is life
I saw a kid in jeans, black T-shirt, and sunglasses leaning against a telephone pole and I was like "slow down cool guy".
To the random boy leaning on the telephone pole next to my house leave because I'm home alone and scared
Livonia has telephone poles leaning at a 30 degree angle but we aren't gonna fix those, we're gonna replace wooden median poles for metal...
A leaning telephone pole by my house reminds me of my lazy, no good father.
I am leaning against a telephone pole and I can feel the energy vibrating through it it's weird
IM AT THE BUS STOP AND I SEE SOMETHING CONING NEAR ME AND I THINK ITS A PLASTIC BAG BUT ITS A SQUIRREL WHO LEGIT CAME TO MY FEET AND CLIMBED UP THE TELEPHONE POLE IM LEANING ON
UPDATE to McKeesport fire: Duquesne Light crews will be here this morning to fix the leaning telephone pole... thankfully it didn’t collapse & make the fire situation more complex
early evening fades deep into blue hour sky, cutting stark silhouettes of bare trees, leaning telephone poles and antenna chimney rooflines
Kunia Road is closed in both directions between Anonui St. and Kunia Tunnel due to leaning telephone poles.
2 hours ago my mom told me 209 business is closed at Milford Manor. Troopers have it closed off. I remember last night there were two trees down, maybe 10 feet apart, blocking a lane. Also a telephone pole leaning over with wires on the road there.
I just saw an old man leaning against a telephone pole eating a container of Oreos by himself. It was 7am. He is what I aspire to be.
PSA... a small section of road on High St. between Niles Cortland Rd and the High School is closed due to a leaning telephone pole.  Ohio Edison has secured the pole and will be replacing in the next 24-48... 
Double gridlocked intersection and the traffic cop is off to the side leaning on a telephone pole texting. And giggling. NYPD is such a joke
When I grow up I want to be a Hispanic woman leaning against a telephone pole checking her phone with LONG fingernails.
Rediscovering #fen #landscapes: Modern road between Holme & Ramsey St Mary crosses corrugations made by the lost branches of silted-up winding prehistoric watercourses (locally called roddons), & leaning telephone poles show instability of surrounding (now-drained) peat wetland 
One thing that humanity has always been pretty good about is leaning rogue hubcaps against telephone poles
I saw at least 2 telephone poles leaning on businesses. The neighborhood behind it looks like a train tore through it.
I will be offline until tomorrow you guys! Sorry for late replies, I just had a terrible wind storm come and one of my telephone poles are leaning into the street, so my wifi will go down as soon as it falls. I will try my best to answer as soon as possible.
Guy in sunglasses leaning against a telephone pole like he's a badass and also like he's not in Hubbard.
This beach trip was a success because no telephone poles are left leaning tonight
A romantic scene with a touch of artistic tension in the leaning telephone poles! "Cutting Through" by
Just snapping off big chunks of broccoli and dunking it in a jar of Trader Joe’s peanut butter while casually leaning across a telephone pole
There is a car leaning on it's side against a telephone pole on airline, how does that even happen?
the story of my mom's jr high boyfriend getting his head chopped off by a telephone pole from leaning out the window will neverrrr get old
Saw a man casually leaning against a telephone pole in the dark by the highway, so now I know how all Unsolved Mysteries begin.
NAPA COUNTY OES: Los Carneros Road is closed due to a leaning telephone pole & wires in the roadway. Use
TRAFFIC ADVISORY: Road closed at 441 Washington Ave, Chelsea (Prattville) due to leaning telephone pole.  Awaiting Verizon. 
I JUST GOTTA POINT OUT HOW THIS GUY WAS LEANING A LADDER ON AN OPEN TELEPHONE POLE AND HOW THIS IS PROBABLY THE MOST ALPHA SHIT I’VE EVER SEEN IN MY FUCKING LIFE
Telephone pole is leaning across Fales St in Worcester. Wires are tangled around a FedEx truck. Worcester Fire and National Grid are on scene. People are being asked to stand back
I have a new enemy...The telephone pole by my job. Last week's storm knocked it over and it is leaning like a mofo and this fucker won't fall. It taunts me every time I go out for a cig. Why cant it fall so we all have to go home for the day? This pole is the bane of my existence
Leaning telephone poles, trees, retaining walls or fences    Offset   fence lines    Sunken or down-dropped road beds    Sudden decrease in   creek water levels though rain is still falling or just recently   stopped.   (more)
My historic picture tonight is the Mrs leaning on a telephone pole in downtown St. John’s circa 1998. We use to go out a lot in those days when we were much younger. 
Couple things to notice here: the telephone pole on the R leaning over a woman's house..and the big machinery helping to upright the cars 
The Channel 4 I-Team gets answers AND results after one homeowner says this leaning telephone pole was putting his family at risk
Van is leaning on telephone pole on 13th street after being hit by a train in Bowling Green. 
A telephone pole is leaning dangerously over Denny, forcing crews to shut trfc down b/w Yale and Pontius 
VPD, paramedics desperately trying to find a woman's family after she was found unresponsive, leaning against telephone pole in #Kerrisdale.
I would say bring on the storm, but since I noticed a telephone pole leaning next door, I think I'll take a rain check on that.
Scene outside my house see the leaning telephone pole to the left major accident several cars involved 
Route 63 (Meadow Street) is closed between Division St. and Rubber Ave. due to a telephone pole leaning across the road. CL&P is on scene.
Chatted with some utility workers who were replacing a badly-leaning telephone pole. Turns out, the process is as easy as you'd expect.
A telephone pole is down and blocking Stoughton Rd near Greenlodge.  Police had the road blocked off.  A second pole is leaning and may tip.
