The best way to hit, is to hit without being seen. Perhaps forcing the polls down will show a landslide victory. Are young folks are smart and they will not sit out this change that needs to happen. Enough is enough. A child shall lead the
"The recent landslides are an example of what could (will) happen to the railway line; the construction in such difficult terrain is bound to create havoc for the #Tibetan plateauï¿½s environment," writes Claude Arpi, Tibetologist
You issued out a statement, that everyone had a rebuttal for. You can attend your PWI of whatever name it is. I'm positive if you have to match your resume or interview readiness with most HBCU students you're not receiving the landslide judgment you believe is going to happen.
Yes, it's a hoax just like the one in 2016 that said Hillary would win by a landslide. The Clinton campaign knew it was false and that's why they cancelled their fireworks before the election. It's anyone's guess what will happen on Nov 6.
I usually avoid political posts, but this "Only in Nevada" news is too good to not report: famous brothel owner Dennis Hof was elected to Nevada State Assembly today...but that's not the interesting part...Hof died 3 weeks ago (before early voting started) but won in a landslide! 
As republicans, let's not blame anyone, Let's look at what happened and fix it so the next election is a landslide. Our party has the better message but the data tells us we are missing something. Lets talk about what...Time for some introspection 
A sobering fact for Ohio Democrats: Richard Cordray won more votes (2,020,128) than John Kasich did to win a 2-1 landslide in 2014 (1,922,436). Trump-era Ohio Republicans simply smashed through the model with rural voters.
Look, I wanted stunning victories for Gillum, Stacey, and Beto. But overall, between the total turnout, lower-profile governorships, successful policy proposals, and gaining the house? You better believe progress was made last night. It’s rarely going to look like a landslide.
A landslide majority of US are fed up with the 2-party system and want more choices. Instead of trying to shame them into voting for something they don't want, let's pass Ranked Choice Voting everywhere - so we can ALL be free to vote for what we DO want! 
EMSR334: Wind Storm in north-east of Italy Severe weather event lasted almost 4 days, causing windstorms, flash flooding, landslides & mudflow in Northern Italy It is estimated that the windstorm flattened 7k ha of pine forest. We're producing maps to assess the damage. 
BREAKING: North Carolina Republicans' deceptively written constitutional amendment to gerrymander the state judiciary so the GOP could pack the NC Supreme Court has lost in a landslide (post forthcoming) 
Did you know that soil erosion due to deforestation is a leading cause of landslides and environmental damage in #Pakistan ? If you witness illegal wood cutting in the woods of #Murree or elsewhere, report it to the Forestry Department of your province.
Well the gorgeous Tulsi Gabbard got re-elected to Congress with a landslide so regardless of anything else that is enough for me to regard this election as a win!
Yes George, we should make smaller states have 1/50th the say of what goes on in their country. Also keep in mind we have a house of reps and the dems didnt exactly win that in a landslide like they had hoped.
A video has been posted onto Youtube shaowing a landslide near Buguias in the Philippines on 4th November. The video was captured by Kersee Masillem, who was on a bus that stopped short of the site of the landslide:- 
Say Hello to the new Article III Section 19 of the Missouri Constitution applying the "Sunshine Law" to the General Assembly! Congratulations to @CleanMissouri, a landslide demonstrating the thirst for transparency, nonpartisan redistricting, and general reform
Republicans in Nevada elected Dennis Hof in the 2018 midterm elections. Hof was a brothel owner who died about a month ago. He won in a landslide vote. He is STILL more qualified for politics than Donald Trump and probably has better morals.
The majority of house losses were GOP establishment politicians, not Trump supporters. Good riddance! It sets up the battle for 2020 and allows @realDonaldTrump to blame do-nothing Dems for obstruction. Think Reagan-style landslide in 2020
This is true, like it or not. She managed to eke out a House win, and stopped Republicans from landslides where they should have had them. Republicans ignored polls about healthcare, a concern among family voters who, though thrilled with tax cuts, need assurances about health. 
Can’t wait to watch Cuomo lose 80% of the counties in the state and still win in a landslide because NYC residents get to decide how an entire state is governed
He lost his 9 nine year old daughter when a landslide hit tents of Nomadic families #Rajouri. I sanctioned 4 Lac Ex-gratia relief,he said “Beti nahin rahi sab kuchh bekaar”..Society might place him at BPL but for him, his daughter was a princess.Lessons here for enlightened souls
ITS A LANDSLIDE VICTORY FOLKS! IM BACK FOR (X) MORE YEARS AND I COULDNT HAVE DONE IT WITHOUT YOU! 
Please don't be discouraged by early results. Be motivated. Despite the cheating redrafting of voting district lines the blue wave is holding its own keeping all races close.  The blue wave should be winning by a landslide.
Friends the media pundits are silent ... Not one of them could call a landslide win for Cong in Bellary... My advice to everyone on this auspicious day - the so called pundits are divorced from reality. They have no clue of the political wind ... Don't pay attention to them
If you created an award for a hitter who had most impact on a club's offense culture, J.D. Martinez would win in a landslide in 2018. Boston's collective take-what-the-pitcher-gives approach vs. Keuchel in ALCS should be shown to hitters, and J.D. was in the middle of that.
You lost the House in a landslide, plus over half a dozen governors and state legislatures. You picked up two Senators total in the most favorable Senate map in history.
Can i also say that during her campaign she was bombarded with questions from the right wing media on how she would fund her programs, #MedicareForAll #JobGuarantee etc. She refused to play the neoliberal “fiscal credibility” game and won by a landslide. 
Beware of a lot of spin tonight regarding House & Senate results. The results likely won’t mean that much unless Dems win in a landslide or R’s keep control of the House & the Senate.
Reminder: most polls found that Remain would easily win by a hefty margin and Hillary Clinton would win the presidency by a landslide in 2016.
A lot of Lib voters ,who voted for Abbott in a landslide win walked away when Turnbull dogged him , then Morrison had a chance to win them back , but has bottled it. Its so simple but he just won't listen.
After asking who the worst football journalist is Duncan Castles wins by a landslide. Alas he is disqualified as I did state 'journalist'.
Our streams are going up, our radio play is off to a good start, we’re winning mama voting by a landslide and we have clear skin cause we stan
As the night progresses, its honestly becoming harder to feel any kind of discouraged. Races that were initially considered landslides are becoming hard fought. Change can happen.
Results coming in for US elections: looks like a landslide win for President Roosevelt. Democratic party retains control of Presidency, Senate, & House of Representatives. 
And if you're wondering, yes, voting for President was almost as bad. Didn't Vote won 363 Electoral College votes, a landslide. 
serious reality check. Remember we won a HUGE landslide in 1997 and we improved peoples lives massively. That’s what Labour can do when we unite and when instead of focusing on being the ideologically purebred Party Corbyn etc want we actually OPPOSE the Tories on their policies 
Am getting the feeling these (mostly) lads want to re-run the referendum via the legislative process..they’ll lose again of course because we will #legisl8 for the will of the people Hope debate will be respectful next week We #RepealedThe8th by a landslide & we can’t forget that 
A daily reminder that your vote matters, and if "did not vote" was a candidate, it would have been a landslide. 
The monsoon effect. Spotted this huge #landslide, en route to one of @PracticalAction project sites in #Bajura #Nepal. The lower settlements are on the risk of being swiped out come monsoon, incase of similar intensity.
A landslide majority of US want a new party. A Green breakthrough now would rock the establishment & give new hope to millions. Here are 4 amazing candidates who are surging towards the finish line - and your support could put them over the top
The peak of my voting experience is still seeing Vermin Supreme win my high school's mock election in a landslide
I truly cannot wrap my head around the fact that there are some people who just...DONT like Fleetwood Mac? Ur just gonna sit here and act like “Rhiannon” doesn’t freakin SLAP?? Like “Landslide” isn’t a masterpiece?? Like “Go Your Own Way” isn’t a banger? who hurt you.
The more significant takeaway is that any scenario in which Kemp wins by less than a landslide should be regarded as a result of criminal vote suppression and fought without concession. 
Search '#vote' and then add red to the end ...*thousands of tweets* Now do it again and try adding blue to the end.... the difference in numbers is HUGE. If twitter is any kind of indication as to how this will go then it eill be a landslide win for the reds.
If you are visiting the Forest today, please use extra caution on the road in the La Coca Falls area.  A small landslide occurred due to the heavy rains and staff is currently addressing these landslide issues.  Traffic control operations are in effect. 
Voting closes soon and we’re so so close to winning that spot on the AfroPunk Johannesburg stage! Please be sure to vote again today to make sure we win by a landslide!
I would like to thank the leadership of MUASA, the entire university community and well-wishers for the generous contribution of the large consignment of relief items for the people of Bududa who are suffering as a result of landslides. This makes Makerere proud! 
My entry for @JoschuaKnuppe 's #paleostreambook contest! Darwinopterus has come across a dead Limusaurus, crushed by a freak landslide after a heavy storm. What could be better than free eyeballs?
The rescues at @espeanimalve inspect the damages left by the storms in their home, but without losing their happiness and enthusiasm. They know kindness and generosity will help Gaby buy the materials she needs to repair the areas at risk of landslide. Any help is welcome 
Collapse of Fourth Avenue near C Street, Anchorage, due to earthquake caused landslide. The graben subsides 11 feet in response to 14 feet of horizontal movement. Anchorage district, Cook Inlet region, Alaska. 1964. U.S. Geological Survey Library.
