The US Secret Service just asked for my credential to enter the WH. As I told the officer, I don’t blame him. I know he’s just doing his job. (Sorry this video is not rightside up) 
Could ONE reporter ONE time say to Trump when he complains the press is negative and hostile (as he's doing right now), "Sir, its because you LIE and we have to report that. Don't lie and we won't be so "negative". ONCE please?
Today I pray to become more conscious of Your power that’s in me, instead of the powers that’s working against me. perform signs & wonders, and may they be done by my hands. help me to see the gift of today & don’t let me focus on the odd things of yesterday. Amen
“Obviously, you know, I didn’t put my hands on her or touch her as they are alleging. And it’s just unfortunate that the White House is saying this. You know, we all try to be professionals over there and I think I handled myself professionally.” 
BTS cancelling their schedual has NOTHING to do with the shirt. it's about the recent korean supreme court decision. don't make it into something it's not. don't spread false info.
This time I write for you We are fine We are strong We are always by your side and always support you  don't worry Don't be afraid
shit govt.....there is no reason to agitate......ur angerness doesn't bring down the movie....itz juz an indirect promotion and you r juz provoking the people to see the movie........dear dumbasses,we need more promotion and provocation..
first d*ath threat questions & now this excuse of a scapegoat, great way to protect your artists BH...why don’t you make him a poster boy for scandal while at it arrange for a dating rumor too...istg so done with all this BS
i’m just gone for like a mf seconds and i don’t fucking know what the hell is happening,,, can someone enlighten me?
Our living laboratory is a place for our community to learn and explore together. We inspire our people to work toward a healthier, more prosperous and sustainable future. This is our vision. From Newcastle. For the world.
The shooting in California is a terrible tragedy that I don't dare want to see leftists use to call for gun control. California already has some of the strictest gun laws, & the 10 round mag limit didn't stop him from killing 12. All these laws do is leave good people defenseless
Can @BigHitEnt please respond to this case that they should have addressed ages ago before it was blown out of proportion? It is your job to protect your artists instead of using them as scapegoats in situations they have no power over. You can't let a member be blamed for this.
An issue involving two countries and political that goes beyond controversy? Yeah I think it's best if we stay out of it and wouldn't speculate. Anyways, the bright side is that our babies will get to rest before their first Dome tour next week
Korea’s really just gonna throw J*min into the line of fire like this cuz they can’t deal with some dumbass political issues, can BigHit actually say something for once I’m getting tired of them staying silent at the worst times
3 years ago I was depressed and maybe if I didn't know Exo then I was dead now. they are the reason I survive, they are the spirit of my life.
I haven’t done a #thursdayaesthetic in SO LONG so here’s a throwback aesthetic I made for Awaken forever ago but never posted!
EXOL can have other idols but EXO have EXOL. Only EXOL. So don’ leave our boys, please. Whatever happen we always love EXO and beside them. EXO don’t have ever mistake. My English is not well but I said by my heart and my love that I give for EXO
Krave's Classic Double Double is still here for a limited time! Don't miss it - enjoy yours today!
If you see any resemblance with Indian Government forcing RBI to shell out more money for one megalomaniac’s extravaganza, nobody can blame you :)
to add on, the shirt represents korea’s liberation from jpn. we don’t know if there is more than the shirt but this translation is directly from the notice of their website. 
Just because #ShilpaShinde is a celeb, that means she has to mask "fakeness" and tweet as per the people. Who gave you that authority? Just like every other person, she too can support who the eff she wants. Stop trying to control her
If you don’t have any light stick to use. You can use your phone and use this pic on the concert! Just adjust your phone’s brightness to max and you’re done! Don’t forget to have fun at the concert! 
Wtf “designing a pram range, you couldn’t do this if you weren’t a mother” I’m a nanny, I work 11 hours a day so I’m pretty sure I spend more than enough time with the pushchair - especially as I don’t drive so rely on it to get places with littlie
Lol I posted this and logged off twitter for 3 days only to come back and see it back over 250 likes 
Did my first local TV in Greenville today! Hopped on WSPA to talk about the TR Town and Art Crawl and world record attempt Friday night. :) Hope to share a link later.
Amazon @PrimeVideo, can't thank you enough for bringing back #Malgudidays for us ❤️ It feels like I'm reliving my childhood again :D can't stop smiling while watching this! Sorry but I'm gonna spam my TL with #Malgudidays henceforth 
today is the day I let go of my computer we shared so many laughs together but also fights whenever it would just randomly shut down and I’d have to hit it until it came back on so I wouldn’t lose hours worth of papers probably making the situation worse either way,
Ronaldo: “Manchester United did nothing to win the game. You can’t even talk about luck, because you have to find your own luck and in this case we just gifted it to them.” 
What's happening with Japan is beyond our control right now. It's unfortunate the boys won't be able to perform on Music Station, but all we can do is support them by continuing to stream and buy their music and sending them our love and positive energy
Honestly, I don't know if Romney has the balls to obstruct in the Senate.  He is such a panderer.  We'll see.
but there are so many other ways to remember the victims. 'Wag tayo dun sa dadagdag lang sa problema. Also, let's stop with the mindset na it's okay to do bad things as long as they're for the greater good. The ends don't justify the means
On the entire Acosta situation: if you are a member of the White House press corps, and are in the White House, talking to the president of the United States and cannot keep yourself under control and act in a dignified and respectful way, you probably shouldn’t be there.
please don’t jump to conclusions and blame jii min for the cancellation of the music station appearance, twice also canceled, so there is more reasons happening behind the scenes
There’s no right or wrong answer here. Find something that makes you feel good about yourself and watch your confidence soar
If the reason was because of a T-shirt then why did the music show invite the boys in the first place?
There is no consensus on when human life begins. So you don't consider abortion to be murder if you don't see an embryo or fetus as its own life. However, everyone can agree you are alive after you're born. So WTF is your excuse for being pro-life and not prioritizing gun deaths?
The WH was clearly trying to set up @Acosta to accuse him of assault. When he didn't respond as anticipated (by a bunch of abusive men), they used doctored video to try to make it look like an assault. Note that part of this plan was *using a woman w/the hope she'd be assaulted.* 
This is really annoying you guys because I wanna follow back but can’t because I reached the limit
"Felt cute, might delete later tho",  "Accidentally took this cute picture of me! <3", "Didn't mean to post smh. Good morning anyway <3" lol 
“If there’s any chance I will keep going and you know, the best wins take the longest and the best lawyers don’t give up” - lovely quote from a Law Centre lawyer interviewed as part of Jacqui Kinghan’s research
if you think i’m going to buy this planner even though i won’t accomplish any of the goals i write in it just because it’s bt21 then you’re absolutely correct 
PLEASE censor the word sh*rt and/or jim*n’s name! we can’t let it trend or appear on the search!
Don't Forget About our November Promotion, ServiceProz is giving each New Company that signs up, Three Free Field User Licenses for One Year. This is an annual savings of $360.00. Call Today to Schedule Your Demo (877) 880-8979
The White House banning Jim Acosta proves he didn’t assault a woman because Trump likes guys who do that.
I’m so glad I didn’t listen to her when she said I should just kill myself a few years ago, cuz I’m out here thriving 
This Acosta thing isn't the loathed "distraction" category of topic. The WH sharing a doctored video (and to lie even from that, about "placing his hands" on her) to discredit a major journalist is gravely serious and should result in every effort available to demand retraction.
Media is still gathered this morning as the sun is starting to come up today. Officials aren’t sure when the next release of info will be regarding the #BorderlineBarShooting. Police haven’t confirmed to me any details about the suspect.
#gt23, thinking about being a part of our iGniTe Summer Launch Program? Check out our new article: 6 things about iGniTe that you won't find anywhere else! http://summer.gatech.edu/content/6-things-about-ignite-you-wont-find-anywhere-else …
if 12 innocent people are killed and your response is ‘you can’t take away my gun’ that’s not a political stance, you’re just a twat 
yall just pray for everything to be solved quickly and j army and anyone are safe. if y'all coming for b*s or jm imma kick yall asses. it's a serious matter between two countries,if yall don't know don't say anything. just pray for the best.
