Lets wait and see atleast chennai's all time fav NOV will increase the rainfall and water level in ground
This is the worst year I have seen in terms of ground water. By September usually the water level would increase. It is going to be Nov, still no improvement. Ippadiye ponna....
Bore wells and wells in cities villages for residential and agriculture use only. Those selling water or commercially exploiting water should be stopped, for next 3 yrs to increase ground water level and refill aquifers naturally,
Vaigai Dam on river Vaigai in Theni District is getting inflow of 3600 cusec and Dam is releasing 4000 cusec. This is likely to increase the water level in River Vaigai in Madurai dist of TN as well as in Madurai City. People around the city may avoid entering river front.
To put in perspective, that's nearly 50% of the 25,000 drought hit villages in India. This has to be an ongoing process of ensuring that rain water is stopped, so that ground water level can increase
The rise in the Tar River water level is slowing down as the experts predicted. It’s expected to increase to minor flood levels later this week as rainwater drains into the river but minor flooding isn’t too problematic. We dodged a bullet when the storm weakened & turned!
good news sir. more rainfall is a good omen for increase in fresh water, raising of water level ,filling of small water resorvoirs for drinking purposes and above all water is life for human beings, animals,  birds and plants.good omen for pti govt it means it is doing justice
Raining cats and dogs since last night in Delhi ... Delhi again taking Jalsamadhi ... but still clean drinking water shortage is there...hope water was preserved to increase the ground water level for our next generations...
Good news for #Karnataka and #Tamilnadu. Onset of #Monsoon2018 and 6 feet of increase in water level in KRS dam. Kabini too receiving good flow. Fingers crossed. #Cauvery
What? For real? This would increase the water level in your local pool but not the ocean. Are all Republicans this dumb or just House representatives on the Science Committee? 
Chief Justice of #Pakistan in suo moto notice case says Hindus are citizens of this country and we cant protect their place of worship. Will close cement plant if need be to increase water level of temple reservoir.#KatasRajtemple
The Ratneshwar Mahadev temple and Sheetla temple have been inundated. There is also an increase in the water level of Varuna river due to increased monsoon activity.
Illegal bauxite mining in the name of laterite is banned in reserved forests.These mountains act as natural sponge to absorb water ,will increase ground water level & maintains ecological balance.
"The report advised local and national governments to be prepared for water level declines in the long term, noting that '"lake evaporation is increasing and likely will increase'"
Today's water level in Chennai reservoirs at 1743 mcft increase of > 300 mcft frm yesterday and rising. Next target 2000 mcft in day or two
In view of an increase in water level in the Periyar following release of water from Mullaperiyar, Idukki and Idamalayar reservoirs, the Cochin International Airport has suspended operations from 4 am to 7 am today #KeralaFloods
The  houseboat down With Water due to increase in water level in river Jhelum Srinagar IOK
Here's the first glimpse of what happened to the level of Seneca Lake since the significant rain on Tuesday.  The water level increased by approximately one foot. 
Mukhyamantri Jal Swavalamban Abhiyan is actively working towards creating a sustainable future for #Rajasthan’s water scarcity problem. By collecting rain water in more than 2Lac #waterstructures, #MJSA has been successful to increase ground water level in 12,000+ villages. 
The danger mark for the Yamuna river is at 204.83 m, however, on Tuesday afternoon, the river was flowing at 205.16 m. Sources reportedly said that Yamuna's water level was likely to increase in next 2 days
Big Wheeling Creek water level has remained steady the last hour with no increase. Still remain alert and be careful in you live near a waterway.
Demand of water is continually increasing with the increase in population. But the water level is rapidly decreasing. So from this #WorldWaterDay let's decide to do not waste water and NURTURE THE NATURE.
Because of heavy rainfall in Western North Carolina and North Georgia, the water level on Chatuge Reservoir is rising rapidly. Spillway gates are open and river flow downstream on the Hiwassee River is approx. 3,000 cubic feet per sec. and could increase with additional rainfall.
GORDON | 8:30 PM CT 9/4/18 Tide is on the rise for St Andrews Bay(Panama City Marina) Current water levels running about 1.5' above normal. With the storm moving further away to the west, don't expect any additional increase in the water level. Chief Meteorologist~Justin Kiefer 
LDRRMO in City of Bogo: As of 5am today, water level in tributaries showed a slight increase. Water level accumulated since yesterday is average of +205mm. Some fisherfolks were seen fishing but were warned & advised to come back to shore by the LDRRMO #AgatonPH | Bogo DRRMO
The water level had risen up to about 6-7 feet inside the house and another few Cms of increase in water level meant sure death of the entire family. That was when in a flash he remembered how he'd pooh poohed the invite to sabarimala the previous day....5/n
The miracle in this lake is that the water level does not increase or decrease even with the change in level of the Nile more than 3000 years, and never dried and the strange also that this lake does not produce any foul smell 
Once upon a time thr was a thirsty crow. He flew n search of water here and there but all invain. At last he saw a pitcher of water in garden, but the water level was very low. He collected pebbles and put them in pitcher to increase water level drank water. 
In view of an increase in water level in the Periyar following release of water from Mullaperiyar, Idukki and Idamalayar reservoirs, the Cochin International Airport has suspended operations from 4 am to 7 am today #KeralaFloods
Vaigai Dam on river Vaigai in Theni District is getting inflow of 3600 cusec and Dam is releasing 4000 cusec. This is likely to increase the water level in River Vaigai in Madurai dist of TN as well as in Madurai City. People around the city may avoid entering river front.
Water level is receding in Sangam means Level will increase in Srinagar to a little height. Low lying areas need to  remain on high alert. If there will be no rain for 2-4 hours then flood threat will fade away. Please don't spread panic by uploading live videos & pictures.
These are same communist cadres who went underground immediately after the increase in water level creating havoc in Kerala; It was the RSS who stood firmly with the people. Communist hate group is now in full swing!!!
Even if it is floating ice, when it melts, it raises the water level by five percent of the volume of the melted water. Whether runoff from ice melted on land, or the small increase in volume from ice melted in water, BOTH occupy more space and raise the water level.
May will be the month when all my body water will evaporate to contribute to the increase in water level of all waterbodies
Illegal bauxite mining in the name of laterite is banned in reserved forests.These mountains act as natural sponge to absorb water ,will increase ground water level & maintains ecological balance. 
No more Red alert it seems from whatever I see in Journalist's twitter handles but nevertheless, we are ready with a team to face it, if any. Let us hope for a pleasant rainfall, which will help the farmers and increase the ground water level.
I have actively promoted use of Bamboo plantations in the backwaters of various dams which will not only be aid long term water and soil conservation but also help increase the city's ground water level after post monsoon flow and protect the villages along the river banks
"There has been a marginal increase in water level in Siang river since last week. The water is dirty due to sedimentation. State govt will provide relief to the flood-affected people,"Tamiyo Tatak DC, East Siang
Shivpuri DM Shilpi Gupta says 20 people still trapped at Sultangarh waterfall while six have been rescued. According to an eyewitness, 11 people were drowned due to a sudden increase in water level.
If the water-level rises up to 170 m before 6 am tomorrow (9-8-2018), then one shutter will be operated to release 82 cumecs of water. The increase in water level from this release will be limited and is estimated to be contained within the river banks.
Yamuna is flowing far above danger level of 204.83m. At 1pm on Saturday, it was flowing at 205.14m. At 1pm,  4.24 lakh cusecs water released from Hathanikund Barrage. It is likely to cause further increase in Yamuna water level.
With the recent increase in the water level at the Songhua River, a lot of residents in Harbin fish and exercise alongside the river to appreciate the stunning night scenery. (Photo: VCG) 
Weekend hike in the Rureifel: DTM, 2 photos of a WWII pillbox & track 22km, 800m elevation gain. The bunker is partly under water because the Rursee dam was elevated, which allowed raising the water level to increase the amount of drinkable water. #LiDAR data from 
But why do we believe Kenyan media? did they see the readings that Ndakaini Dam Management claimed on 26th April and on 28th April? Ndaka-ini is still very low. The increase in water level is a PR. lie. Propaganda.
My own village Karanje nearby has been a beneficiary of ground water level increase. A dam built in the nearby village has ensured water level increase in my village as well and wells and borings are full round the year
Be Alert Uttarakhand Govt as Heavy rain likely in Uttarakhand from today. And Water level to increase in Rispana, Song and Bindal rivers.
ISLAMABAD: CAPACITY OF POWER GENERATION EXPECTED TO INCREASE AFTER EIGHT DAYS IF WATER LEVEL INCREASES IN THE DAMS - RAJA PERVAIZ ASHRAF
Thammasat Rangsit still confident it can prevent increase in flood water level;asks for electricity generators,water pumps to pump out water
Leave a quake. One day of 100 ml rain resulted in 5 feet increase in water level now. Experts say 550 ml rain can also result a catastrophe.
Power cuts 2 increase as water level in Tarbela dam falls. Why was flood water not retained 4 Dams? Bec PPP nt botherd abt pple of Pak
